c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\bin\Debug\AcikAkademi5.dll.config
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\bin\Debug\AcikAkademi5.dll
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\bin\Debug\AcikAkademi5.pdb
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\obj\Debug\AcikAkademi5.csproj.App.config
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\obj\Debug\AcikAkademi5.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\obj\Debug\AcikAkademi5.Views.ListPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\obj\Debug\AcikAkademi5.dll
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\obj\Debug\AcikAkademi5.pdb
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\obj\Debug\AcikAkademi5.Views.Insert.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\obj\Debug\AcikAkademi5.Views.DetailPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\obj\Debug\AcikAkademi5.dll.mdb
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\bin\Debug\AcikAkademi5.dll.mdb
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\obj\Debug\AcikAkademi5.dll.mdb
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\bin\Debug\AcikAkademi5.dll.mdb
