c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\AcikAkademi5iOS.exe.config
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\AcikAkademi5iOS.exe
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\AcikAkademi5iOS.pdb
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\AcikAkademi5.dll
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.dll
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\AcikAkademi5.pdb
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\ibtool\_BundleResourceWithLogicalName.items
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\actool\_PartialAppManifest.items
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\actool\_BundleResourceWithLogicalName.items
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\optimized\Default-568h@2x.png
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\optimized\Default-Portrait.png
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\optimized\Default-Portrait@2x.png
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\optimized\Default.png
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\optimized\Default@2x.png
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\optimized\Icon-60@2x.png
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\optimized\Icon-60@3x.png
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\optimized\Icon-76.png
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\optimized\Icon-76@2x.png
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\optimized\Icon-Small-40.png
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\optimized\Icon-Small-40@2x.png
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\optimized\Icon-Small-40@3x.png
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\optimized\Icon-Small.png
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\optimized\Icon-Small@2x.png
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\optimized\Icon-Small@3x.png
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\optimized\refresh.png
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\optimized\insert_icon.png
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\optimized\
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\AcikAkademi5.iOS.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\AcikAkademi5.iOS.csproj.AcikAkademi5iOS.exe.config
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\AcikAkademi5iOS.exe
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\AcikAkademi5iOS.pdb
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5.iOS\obj\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\AcikAkademi5iOS.exe.mdb
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5\AcikAkademi5.iOS\bin\iPhoneSimulator\Debug\AcikAkademi5iOS.exe.mdb
